-Let's find out what's in the box!
-In the box!
Oh!
-Who is that?
-Oh my God!
-This is the best job ever.
-For real.
Behind me are 13 enormous gold boxes.
Each one contains an unbelievable…
Oh my God!
…unimaginable…
-Yeah!
-That is beautiful.
…unforgettable prize.
These are life-changing prizes.
Eight pairs of contestants
will work with and against each other
across the entire season.
-Whoo!
-It's about to get real.
-He's weak, and I'm strong. That works.
-And that's how we're gonna win.
-We are going to take it all home.
-I got bills to pay.
Because in this game,
once you've won a prize,
you've got to hold on to it.
-Oh no.
-"Steal"?
Take our prizes, we're taking you down.
"Prize Fight."
Whoever wins takes the box.
Whoever loses will be eliminated
from the show.
I feel like I just betrayed a friend.
It's a battle for power and possession.
Oh God. This is gonna be bad.
I just put a huge target on our backs.
They are here to play.
When it comes to competition,
I believe in sportsmanship,
and I believe in boundless domination.
Because in the season finale,
the team with the most prizes
gets to play for the Superbox,
worth over a quarter of a million dollars.
-Are you ready?
-Yeah!
Open the box…
The game is on.
…win the prize…
-Best gift ever!
…defend it to the end.
-Oh my God!
-This game is insane.
This is
What's In The Box?
Oh my God.